
*Presents data from Norwegian national school benchmarks.*

Nothing to see here yet. Documentation forthcoming. 

_Source data set_
http://www.dagbladet.no/nyheter/2008/11/13/553824.html / alt for 2008

_Processed data at_
https://spreadsheets.google.com/ccc?key=0AonGfbsFlQRLdFNyVDIyQjhYZm4zX3ZTZmNuQnQwQlE&hl=en

*Please help correct any errors.*

_Description_
* NPREG05 = regning for 5.-klassingene, NPREG08 = regning for 8.-klassingene.
* NPLES05 = lesning for 5.-klassingene, NPLES08 = lesning for 8.-klassingene.
* NPENG05 = engelsk for 5.-klassingene, NPENG08 = engelsk for 8.klassingene.

TODO PRE-RELEASE: 
  * nicely styled marker popup balloons with extended stats
  * tell server which markers we have. we semi-saturate a core with 1 client (doh)
  * about page and colofon. write copy.
  * engage weaponized tweeting array

SOMEDAY:
  * aggregate results by test type and year for filtering
  * ranked static stats pages: counties / municipalities w/ map link
  * windowed google streetview panoramas on #about page
  
DONE:
  * http cache with rack::cache and memcached
  * deploy production environment
  * push project to GitHub
  * setup Sinatra-app with MongoDB and Mongoid glue
  * read CSV data
  * Scrape school adresses from skoleporten
  * Geocode schools
  * Dump geocoded schools to CSV
  * Show Google Maps full screen
  * Sketch a GUI
  * Load markers for map bounds over AJAX as Json
  * extract counties and municipalities into their own models
  * parse test results
  * calculate normalize test results, average for school, municipality, county
  * scrape student body count from skoleporten
  * add hatched dark layer to background map
  * render nice markers with school size and performance
  * geocode counties and municipalities
  * junk markers not in bounds when scrolling and zooming
  * apply MIT License
  * Setup production environment
  * apply Google chrome frame for the IE masses
  * stuff Google geocoding key in environment
  * render municipalities and counties for zoomed out levels
  
